journal.md, before:


5/15

We engaged in a cad session and like had fun we did two versions, not much to say about it we just like watched videos and stuff and then decided to design it, initially we were gonna do a horizontal spinner (V1) 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07f10e8e-cd10-46c8-b1b6-c8427cb1a785)

we had some issues with battery and electronic placement, and we werent loving the design all that much so we swtiched to a vertical spinner, the robot is actually pretty different, and i (gabe) dont think that v2 is a direct succesor to v1 as v2 is a totally different robot ngl. 
mason saw some cool stuff with like a tpu robot i think, he can ammend this if he wants to link it, but he added in a tpu impact absorber on the sides. robot kinda looks like a heatsink now but it (should) hold up

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a09d3a1f-33cb-4f0d-8804-c7a5d4b645ea)

i think we gonna need to prototype a little more like once we have the stuff in our hands, as theres only so much you can do with cad

the wheels are also pretty cool there gonna have lika  petg hub for mounting and the actual wheel will be tpu

We are aiming to compete pretty late actually (july-august) but we gonna get a working product out like by early june probably

Commit message:

restructure and also upload v1 files

journal.md, after:


5/12 3 hours
we started cading on the 12th cause i saw the channel in the slack and wanted to jump on it

We engaged in a cad session and like had fun we did two versions, not much to say about it we just like watched videos and stuff and then decided to design it, initially we were gonna do a horizontal spinner (V1) 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07f10e8e-cd10-46c8-b1b6-c8427cb1a785)

we had some issues with battery and electronic placement, and we werent loving the design all that much so we swtiched to a vertical spinner, the robot is actually pretty different, and i (gabe) dont think that v2 is a direct succesor to v1 as v2 is a totally different robot ngl. 
mason saw some cool stuff with like a tpu robot i think, he can ammend this if he wants to link it, but he added in a tpu impact absorber on the sides. robot kinda looks like a heatsink now but it (should) hold up

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a09d3a1f-33cb-4f0d-8804-c7a5d4b645ea)

i think we gonna need to prototype a little more like once we have the stuff in our hands, as theres only so much you can do with cad

the wheels are also pretty cool there gonna have lika  petg hub for mounting and the actual wheel will be tpu

We are aiming to compete pretty late actually (july-august) but we gonna get a working product out like by early june probably

5/15 

we did a lil more work, just general revisions (slide switch slot to fit regulation, checking print settings, making sure like, the robot isnt cooked).

V1 wasnt entirely scrapped we might actually build both, of v2 since most of the parts are actually less expensive to when you buy larger quantity, BS example: 2 n20s: 15 buck, so we could maybe use left over parts and also build V1, but V2 is where the focus is as of now. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/25f5a26b-d042-4625-884d-f160bfaae0b1)

Addtionally, i think goals need to be outlined formally so heres the goals
- antweight robot
- dont look stupid (failed)
- be reasonable costs and finish quickly before summer ends as both of us are travelling

also v1 and v2 share the same wheels
